{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15160\viewh11160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi everyone, \
\'a0\
I hope you had a great weekend! We\'92re rounding the corner to the final three weeks of the course! This week we will be revisiting the concepts of linear regression, in the context of inference. More specifically, you will learn how to carry out hypothesis tests and calculate confidence intervals for the population slope. \
\
I\'92ve outlined the list of activities in the Week 8 Content page at the start of the Canvas module. This week is a bit shorter on content, since there is a lab assignment due on Sunday. At first glance, the lab assignment may seem a bit political, but I assure you that is not my intention. The intention of the lab is to explore the concepts from the chapter in the context of an analysis that was performed by other researchers (specifically the FiveThirtyEight blog). You will see some unusual results, and will work with your discussion groups to hypothesize what may be going on. \
\
\

\f1\b Reading\

\f0\b0 \
We will be turning back to the Modern Dive textbook this week, covering their chapter on inference for regression. You will notice that section 10.3 is review of the model conditions for linear regression. However, I think this section may give you an even better idea of what to look for in the residual versus fitted plots. \
\

\f1\b Discussion
\f0\b0 \
\
As I mentioned earlier, you will be working in groups this week to unearth what may be happening in the lab assignment. These will be new groups this week, and will be the groups you will be in for the remainder of the course, including the group project. So, get to know your group members! \
\

\f1\b Group Collaborations\

\f0\b0 \
Session 7 of the group collaborations will be on Thursday. The recording of the session will be posted to Canvas by 12pm and the quiz will be available by 2pm. \
\
\
Please be mindful of the lab assignment this week and get a start on it as early as you can! Creating permutation and bootstrap distributions requires for you to understand how to use the tools from the 
\f1\b infer
\f0\b0  package. If you are uncomfortable working with these tools, please come by the drop-in R help session on Tuesday! \
\
Have a great Monday! \
\
 \
\
\
 }