{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21020\viewh8420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Good morning everyone!\
\'a0\
Welcome to week three of Stat 313! This week we will be meeting synchronously on Wednesday from TIME HERE am. Just like last week, everything you need to accomplish this week is included in the Week Three Course Content page at the beginning of the Week 3 module. Most of the assignments are the same as last week, but you\'92ll notice that the content has been cut down a bit. \
\
I received some feedback from students regarding the amount of time that they spent on this course last week, which made me reevaluate the list of tasks you need to accomplish each week. I have decided to have lab assignments every other week, so there will be no lab assignment this week. On the weeks where there are no lab assignments, I strongly encourage you to complete the interactive tutorials that both review the content of the chapter and give you practice working in R. I\'92ve placed these tutorial at the start of the module, since I received feedback that students found it more helpful to complete the tutorials before reading the chapter. However, you can choose to accomplish these tasks in whatever order suits you! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reading
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\
You are expected to read Chapter Two from the OpenIntro textbook. This chapter explores data visualizations and data summaries in more depth. Sections 2.1 - 2.2 explore data visualizations for categorical and numerical variables, and section 2.3 discusses what makes visualizations more/less effective. 
\f1\b Do not 
\f0\b0 read section 2.4, since it does not pertain to the statistical analyses we will be exploring in this course. \
\
\

\f1\b \ul Discussion
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b \'a0
\f0\b0 \
This week you have two discussion posts to participate in. First, you will post to the Week Three Concept Discussion forum. You should 
\f1\b expect to do this by Wednesday
\f0\b0 , so that your group members have sufficient time to respond to your posts. \
\
You are also expected to participate in the Week Three Think Out Loud discussion forum. This forum is intended to give you a chance to talk through a difficult problem associated included in the Numerical Summaries tutorial. It is my hope that you post to the discussion forum 
\f1\b as you are working through this tutorial.
\f0\b0  You do not need to post a \'93perfect\'94 answer, instead the forum is intended for you to put your initial ideas out there. \
\
For both discussions you will be in the same groups you were in last week. \

\f1\b \
\ul Activity\
\

\f0\b0 \ulnone I have added a link to the Exploring Numerical Data and Numerical Summaries tutorials that you can use as a great resource for building your R skills, as well as refreshing your statistical knowledge. These tutorial have exercises where you will be able to practice writing your own R code, with built-in hints and solutions. \
\
You will not be graded on completing this tutorial, but I highly recommend that you give them a try!
\f1\b \
\'a0
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b \ul Group Collaborations \
\ulnone \'a0
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 There will be another group collaboration on Thursday of this week. The recording of the session will be posted to Canvas by Thursday at 12pm, and the quiz will be available by 3pm. The questions at the beginng of the quiz are the same as last week, but the questions regarding the content of the problems will be new. \
\'a0\
\
I am looking forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!\cb1 \
\cb2 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb2 Allison}