{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi everyone, \
\'a0\
I hope you had a great weekend, and were able to spend some time outside or doing things that bring you joy! This week we will be venturing into multiple regression, building on ideas we learned last week. I\'92ve outlined the list of activities this week, which is also included at the start of the Week Five module in Canvas. \
\'a0\
I have heard quite a few people struggling with the R code associated with last week\'92s lab assignment. I had hoped that the tutorials would provide sufficient exposure to working in R to prepare you for the lab assignment, but it seems that additional help is wanted. For this reason, I will be dedicating 
\f1\b Wednesdays from 1-2 as R Skill Up sessions
\f0\b0  for our course. In these sessions, I will provide you with problems to work through that are similar to the tutorials. We will talk through the problems, so that everyone understands what tools to use to address the problem and how to use them. \
\'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Reading
\f0\b0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Unfortunately, the Multiple Regression chapter in the OpenIntro book is still being written. So, I\'92ve decided to read the Multiple Regression chapter out of the Modern Dive book. I really appreciate this book because it includes all of the R code inside the chapter. The textbook uses similar tools to what we\'92ve been using, but uses a new package (moderndive) as an easier way to get some of the output we want (correlations, linear regression summary table). 
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Because there are some slight differences between what\'92s in the textbook and what we\'92ve done previously, I made a \'93reading guide\'94 that you can reference as you go. In the guide I outline the different R functions the textbook uses and how they differ from what we\'92ve seen before. This guide is included at the beginning of the Week Five module. 
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul Discussion
\f0\b0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Similar to previous weeks, this week you have two discussion posts to participate in. The concept discussion post asks for you to think about how data collection can impact the model conditions for regression. The think out loud discussion asks for you to reason through two different ways to add colors to a
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333  ggplot()
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 . 
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 For both discussions you will be in the same groups you were in last week.\'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul Activity
\f0\b0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 I have added a link to the two tutorials associated with the textbook reading. These are a great resource for building your R skills! 
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul Group Collaborations\'a0
\f0\b0\fs22\fsmilli11333 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 There will be another group collaboration on Thursday of this week. The recording of the session will be posted to Canvas by Thursday at 12pm, and the quiz will be available by 3pm. The questions at the beginning of the quiz are the same as last week, but the questions regarding the content of the problems will be new.\'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs22\fsmilli11333 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I am looking forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!\cb1 \'a0\
\'a0\
}