{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh9840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Good morning everyone!\
\'a0\
Welcome to week two of Stat 313! This week we will be meeting synchronously on Wednesday from TIME HERE am. Just like last week, everything you need to accomplish this week is included in the Week Two Course Content page at the beginning of the Week 2 module. Some of the assignments are the same as last week, but there are a few new items. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reading
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\
You are expected to read Chapter One from the Intermediate Statistics with R textbook. This chapter goes over the basics of working in R and RStudio, and how to use R to accomplish some simple data wrangling and data visualization tasks. I know the chapter may feel lengthy because you have to scroll through the content, but a lot of the length is because of the R code an output. This textbook has exercises at the end of the chapter, which you should think through. If you find one that you are stumped on, or if you want to check your answer, there is a link to an R Markdown file containing the answers. \
\

\f1\b \ul Discussion
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b \'a0
\f0\b0 \
This week you have two discussion posts to participate in. First, you will post to the Week Two Concept Discussion forum. You should 
\f1\b expect to do this by Wednesday
\f0\b0 , so that your group members have sufficient time to respond to your posts. \
\
You are also expected to participate in the Week Two Think Out Loud discussion forum. This forum is intended to give you a chance to talk through a difficult problem associated with the lab assignment. It is my hope that you post to the discussion forum 
\f1\b as you are working on the lab assignment
\f0\b0 . You do not need to post a \'93perfect\'94 answer, instead the forum is intended for you to put your initial ideas out there. \
\
For both discussions you will be in new groups. You will be with these groups for the next two weeks. You will also have the chance to meet your group members in our synchronous meeting, as you will all be in a break out room together. \

\f1\b \
\ul Activity\
\

\f0\b0 \ulnone I have added a link to the Getting Started with Data: Language of Data tutorial that you can use as a great resource for building your R skills, as well as refreshing your statistical knowledge. This tutorial has exercises where you will be able to practice writing your own R code, with built-in hints and solutions. \
\
You will not be graded on completing this tutorial, but I highly recommend that you give it a try!
\f1\b \
\'a0
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \ul Homework
\f0\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\b \'a0\'a0
\f0\b0 \
To prepare you for working with R Markdown documents (in RStudio) during the rest of the quarter, your homework is to:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
work through the Introduction to R and RStudio tutorial\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2. create an R Markdown document to house all of your responses to the various exercises included in the tutorial\
3. submit your completed R Markdown document 
\f1\b and 
\f0\b0 knitted HTML to \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the Introduction to Working with Data - Using R and RStudio assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'a0\
\'a0\

\f1\b \ul Group Collaborations \
\ulnone \'a0
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Everyone did an amazing job signing up for the collaborative group work sessions, however, the last two weeks have almost no one signed up. I request that everyone take a second look at the time you are signed up for, and consider signing up for one of these later sessions. If by the end of the week these sessions still have fewer than 3 people, I will randomly select a person from each week to assign to a later date. \
\
\'a0\
I am looking forward to \'93meeting\'94 you all this week, and am excited for our course!\cb1 \
\cb2 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb2 Allison}